hi these are the nails that I'm doing
today and yeah very blingy lots of a
rhinestone ish action going on so what
I've already done is add two coats of
this this is one of my favorite nail
polishes ever it does not do it justice
whatever you're seeing this is Orly
winter wonderland I love it if you can
find it still please go get it so after
two coats of that I'm going to start
with the little they look like bubbles
to me I got these from downtown LA to
give the rhinestone something to hold on
to i'm going to use this stripe right
it's like a white glitter a thin strip
brush and just going in the same
direction as all the other nails a
little bit above half way and just draw
a line you barely tell but that's the
point and then right over it i'm going
to glob a little bit of this silver
glitter this is China Glaze Nova so
right over it just sort of glove that on
there and then add your rhinestones
for the purple this is clean colors
pastel purple nail polish I also got
this from downtown LA I'm going in the
same direction again I'm going to cut
across the tip of the nail
and next after that dries a little i'm
going to add this magenta ish chunky
bigger glitter polish and this is NYX
super funk it's not as concentrated as
it looks I was lucky to get these tiny
little ones on there it's more of like a
clear polish with these big glitters in
it oh just globbing it on there and
hoping for the best I worked out next
I'm going to use stop nail this is
another thin brush polish and this one
just says 805 it's just a dark blue
after I put that on I'm gonna add the
rhinestones immediately so it doesn't so
it gives them something to hold on to
and these I got a little little set I
think I got them from either Sally's or
downtown LA they pretty much have the
same stuff sometimes but they're very
very very tiny little rhinestones
you
and that's it for the nail like pretty
much it but on the ring fingers I have
added a small flower a purple flower and
I got this from downtown LA of course
they have little it's got a little
rhinestone in it I'm just going to add a
little glob of the glitter again right
in between the two rows of rhinestones
and simply place my flower
and after that of course add your cow
poop my favorite magical top coat and
that's pretty much it I feel like my my
nails match with my phone case this is
my phone it's very um Jesse I love it I
got this from luxe addiction no they
didn't give it to me know this isn't
sponsoring I bought it myself and I just
really really like it there's a crown on
it come on and it's got rhinestones
everywhere anyway all right that's it
thank you for watching I hope this
helped and thank you for subscribing if
you have bye
you